updated third-party-facing Slack to Discord refs (#4743)
unisonweb/unison: README.md

* [Learn about the big idea behind Unison](https://www.unison-lang.org/learn/the-big-idea/)
* Check out [the project website](https://unison-lang.org)

> * Say hello or lurk [in the Discord chat](https://discord.gg/unison)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Say hello or lurk [in the Discord chat](https://unison-lang.org/discord)
```
